# Last update: 03-02-16

Some comments for the paper on NGC 2100 by Emilio Lapenna

Tick 1) Affiliation: Lee please add for me also the following affiliation:
"INAF-Osservatorio Astronomico di Bologna, via Ranzani 1, I-40127, Bologna, Italy"

Tick (I think)2) Introduction, first par: 'stellar exotic', what you mean here? for me this steatment is not clear.
I'am an expert of this field (in Globulars) and in my opinion you should clarify if you mean blue stragglers, millisecond pulsars and/or IMBH.
In any case I do not agree because the exotica form in GC thanks to their high denisties, which probably are hard to reach in other
less dense environments like YMCs. Or there are other evidences in this sense that I miss?

Tick 3) Results, page 3, section 3.1: the citation (Patrick et al. 2015) must be properly written Patrick et al. (2015), note the brackets.

Tick 4) Capiton of Figure 2: For me is important that in the first line for KMOS data (yours) you add the color, 'black dots'.
For distinguish them form the 'other' dataset.

Tick 5) Section 3.1, second par.: when you introduce the '(i.e. sigma/nlines). Why you choose to divide the sigma for nlines instead of sqrt(nlines)?
Or probably are you missing the square root here?

Tick 6) Section 3.1, fourth par: 'using a Markov... (MCMC)', I think that here you should give just more details,
for instance how many simulation do you have performed?
moreover, do you started from a velocity distribution equal to that found from your data (i.e. from a sample of 14 stars with the observed distribution)?

Tick 7) Figure 3, caption: I understand what you mean (and what is in your plot) but I think that for clarity you should give fro the 2 histograms also
the y-axis labels. This point recalls my previous point (6), I guess that here we miss the number of randomly generated stars from the MC.

Tick 8) Figure 4, top panel: Please consider to slightly enhance the font size of element labels (like MgI, FeI) for help readability.
You can also consider to write them on different levels and connect the label with the line by a vertical short arrow/segment.

Tick 9) Figure 6, I found confusing the position of gray labels like 12 Myr, 16 Myr, ecc... for tag different isochrones (continous vs dashed lines).
You can consider the option to make one dataset with a darker gray colour.

Tick 10) Just a final global point: I noted in all Sections that you write the logaritmic 'dex' label in italic style (mybe you use $dex$).
I found it quite unusual, is it your personal preference or there is another reason?


